README.en.md, before:

# Dog and Cat — dogcat...what?

## *Emil Piesik* that’s what!

My portfolio of web projects.

## Launch

- Just go to the live site: [piesikot.co](https://piesikot.co) :dog: :cat:.
- Or open the file [index.html](index.html) in your browser.

## About the site

The site was created in a minimalist style, where figuratively and literally everything* is shown in black and white.

- In the bottom left corner there is my logo, created from a photo of my late dog, Perełka, to which all rights are reserved.

- In the top right corner there is a dropdown list with links to my projects. On small screens or with high resolution, the list can be scrolled.

Additionally, I added some decoration in the form of famous cats, because who doesn’t like cute and funny cats? Well, to be honest, I’m that kind of person, since cats are predatory, bloodthirsty, malicious, cynical, deceitful, and have no feelings. But hey, at least they don’t help the police search for drugs, and my surname in polish language is dog and cat, without the last two letters — Piesik and cat that’s what.

Moreover, none of the cats on the site are my property, because it’s the human who belongs to the cat, not the other way around... The copyright holders are other people listed in the appropriate places, and I use images only to demonstrate my ability to implement them on the site.

The site contains interactive elements, for example, a text-based cat hiding in the bottom right corner of the page. To make the cat reveal itself, just pet it with the cursor or your finger (on touchscreens). In addition, some of the cats can be interacted with using buttons.

\*except for vegan Easter eggs ;)

Commit message:

Add Projects section to README.en.md
Added new section for project.
Added Todo List project with details about the project and technologies used.

Correct README.md
Corrected stlylig.

README.en.md, after:

# Dog and Cat — dogcat...what?

## _Emil Piesik_ that’s what!

My portfolio of web projects.

## Launch

- Just go to the live site: [piesikot.co](https://piesikot.co) :dog: :cat:.
- Or open the file [index.html](index.html) in your browser.

## About the site

The site was created in a minimalist style, where figuratively and literally everything\* is shown in black and white.

- In the bottom left corner there is my logo, created from a photo of my late dog, Perełka, to which all rights are reserved.

- In the top right corner there is a dropdown list with links to my projects. On small screens or with high resolution, the list can be scrolled.

Additionally, I added some decoration in the form of famous cats, because who doesn’t like cute and funny cats? Well, to be honest, I’m that kind of person, since cats are predatory, bloodthirsty, malicious, cynical, deceitful, and have no feelings. But hey, at least they don’t help the police search for drugs, and my surname in polish language is dog and cat, without the last two letters — Piesik and cat that’s what.

Moreover, none of the cats on the site are my property, because it’s the human who belongs to the cat, not the other way around... The copyright holders are other people listed in the appropriate places, and I use images only to demonstrate my ability to implement them on the site.

The site contains interactive elements, for example, a text-based cat hiding in the bottom right corner of the page. To make the cat reveal itself, just pet it with the cursor or your finger (on touchscreens). In addition, some of the cats can be interacted with using buttons.

\*except for vegan Easter eggs ;)

## Projects

### Todo List

#### About the project

My first, very simple web project. The application allows the user to add and remove tasks in a clean and straightforward list. The project is minimalistic, responsive, and available online in a live version at [this address](https://piesikot.co/todolist.html).

#### Technologies

- HTML5 – page structure.
- CSS3 – simple styling, responsive units (`vw`, `vmax`), adapting to different screen sizes.
- Vanilla JavaScript – event handling (`addEventListener`), DOM manipulation (`createElement`, `appendChild`, `remove`).
- Responsiveness – thanks to relative units, the page adjusts to various screen resolutions (desktop, tablet, mobile).
